updated personal access token generation instructions (#567)
aicoe-aiops/ocp-ci-analysis: docs/workshop/git_setup.md

In order to get started with the workshop, it's vital to have a github account, so you can also interact with the codebase and make changes as and when required. Here are a few steps that you need to follow along to be all set to get started with this workshop.

> * **Fork the repository:** You should already have a Github account (if not refer to [onboarding](./onbaording.md), you need to access the AI4CI repository to interact with the code. In order to do so, go to the [AI4CI repository](https://github.com/aicoe-aiops/ocp-ci-analysis) and fork the repository by clicking on the `fork` button In the top-right corner of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Fork the repository:** You should already have a Github account (if not refer to [onboarding](https://github.com/aicoe-aiops/ocp-ci-analysis/blob/master/docs/workshop/onboarding.md), you need to access the AI4CI repository to interact with the code. In order to do so, go to the [AI4CI repository](https://github.com/aicoe-aiops/ocp-ci-analysis) and fork the repository by clicking on the `fork` button In the top-right corner of the page.
```
`Onboarding` link not working.

Author: Thanks for catching this! thats coz I misspelled it haha. I will fix that. Lets keep the link relative

Author: @suppathak made the change. PTAL
